OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-cluster-autoscaler-cli-during.adoc

[id="rosa-enable-cluster-autoscale-cli-during_{context}"]
= Enable autoscaling during cluster creation with the ROSA CLI

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the {rosa-cli-first} to set cluster-wide autoscaling behavior during cluster creation. You can enable the autoscaler on the entire machine or just a cluster.

.Procedure

* During cluster creation, type `--enable autoscaling` after the cluster name to enable machine autoscaling:
+
[NOTE]
====

> If your cluster name is longer than 15 characters, it will contain an autogenerated domain prefix as a sub-domain for your provisioned cluster on `*.openshiftapps.com`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster name is longer than 15 characters, it receives an autogenerated domain prefix as a sub-domain for your provisioned cluster on `*.openshiftapps.com`. 
```
or
```suggestion
If your cluster name is longer than 15 characters, an autogenerated domain prefix is assigned as a sub-domain for your provisioned cluster on `*.openshiftapps.com`. 
```
